### Bucket Settings

- Block public access to buckets and objects granted through new access control lists (ACLs): only affects new ACLs and does not change the public access status of existing buckets and objects in your AWS account. When this feature is enabled, any new buckets or objects that you create will be private by default, and you will need to explicitly grant access to specific AWS identities if you want them to be able to access the buckets and objects.

- Block public access to buckets and objects granted through any access control lists: affects both new and existing ACLs, making all buckets and objects in your AWS account private by default. When this feature is enabled, you will need to explicitly grant access to specific AWS identities if you want them to access any of the buckets and objects.
- Blocking public access to buckets and objects granted through new public bucket or access point policies:  is another aspect of Amazon S3 Block Public Access. This feature restricts public access to S3 buckets and objects that is granted through new bucket policies or access point policies. When this feature is enabled, any new bucket policies or access point policies that you create will not allow public access, and you will need to explicitly grant access to specific AWS identities if you want them to be able to access the buckets and objects. You can enable this feature in the AWS Management Console, the AWS CLI, or the AWS SDK by turning on Amazon S3 Block Public Access at the account level or at the individual bucket level. This provides an additional layer of security for sensitive data stored in your S3 buckets by preventing unauthorized access
   - những setting public access trong new policy hoặc new access point sẽ không có tác dụng,
   - chỉ có thể grant access permission cho user cụ thể, ko thể public được
   - example:   chúng ta đang block public access trên 1 bucket, sau đó tiến hành enable check box: **Block public access to buckets and objects granted through new public bucket or access point policies** trong bucket settings, tiếp theo chúng ta tiến hành change bucket policy của bucket policy để public access some object -> chúng ta ko thể save change setting -> khi enable option nay thi khong the set public access cho any object trong bucket
   
- Blocking public and cross-account access to buckets and objects through any public bucket or access point policies : is another aspect of Amazon S3 Block Public Access. This feature restricts both public access and cross-account access to S3 buckets and objects that is granted through bucket policies or access point policies. When this feature is enabled, any bucket policies or access point policies that you create will not allow public access or access from other AWS accounts, and you will need to explicitly grant access to specific AWS identities if you want them to be able to access the buckets and objects. You can enable this feature in the AWS Management Console, the AWS CLI, or the AWS SDK by turning on Amazon S3 Block Public Access at the account level or at the individual bucket level. This provides an even higher level of security for sensitive data stored in your S3 buckets by preventing unauthorized access from both the public and other AWS accounts.
  - anh huong toi all bucket policy va access point policy
  - không cho public access, không cho access  từ account khác
  - chi cho access cho tung aws user cu the
